=head1 NAME

Vineyard - easy to use Wine configuration program

=head1 SYNOPSIS

vineyard-preferences [I<options>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<Vineyard> is a user friendly configuration tool for WINE(1) that offers all the
features of winecfg (with the exception of the unfinished theme-support) as
well as configuration handling and program management in an easy to use program
designed to blend in with the GNOME desktop.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<--enable-configurations>

Show the controls for managing configurations.

=item B<--select-configuration I<CONFIGURATION>>

Select the configuration named CONFIGURATION at program startup.

=item B<--select-page I<PAGE>>

Select the configuration page PAGE at program startup.

=item B<--debug I<LOGGING_LEVEL>>

Vineyard will print debugging information of a certain level.
Accepted levels are: debug, info, warning, error and critical.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Please report bugs at https://bugs.launchpad.net/vineyard.

=head1 AUTHORS

B<Vineyard> was written by Christian Dannie Storgaard <cybolic@gmail.com>.

Other credits can be found in the file AUTHORS in the top-level directory
of the source distribution.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
any later version.

On Debian GNU/Linux systems, the complete text of the GNU Lesser General
Public License can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/LGPL'.

=cut
